Life in Ur was comfortable.
We had all the modern conveniences.
Then Jehovah gave us
an assignment we never expected
—one that meant saying goodbye
to the life we loved.
But rather than look behind,
Abraham and I looked ahead.
We had seen Jehovah’s hand in our lives,
and we knew he would be with us
every step of the journey.
And he was in ways that surprised us
—ways we never could have imagined.
Jehovah did more than help us;
he fulfilled his every promise.
Saying goodbye
is never easy.
And even though we were excited
about our new LDC assignment,
it was going to take us farther
than we’d ever been.
It wasn’t just a new routine;
it was a whole new way of life!
With each new move and project,
we thought about Sarah.
She focused on the good things ahead
and not on what she’d left behind.
And that’s what we tried to do.
Jehovah has been so good to us.
We didn’t always know
where the next project would take us,
but we did know that Jehovah would be with us
every step of the way.
Jericho was doomed.
People were scared.
When the Israelite men showed up at my door,
there was barely time to think.
But I knew what was at stake.
Even as a young girl,
I had heard all the stories.
Jehovah wasn’t like the other gods.
He had dried up the waters of the Red Sea
and given his people victory
over the Amorites.
If I helped these men,
I knew Jehovah would help me.
For the first time in my life,
I was standing with Jehovah’s people
on Jehovah’s side.
And my faith was being rewarded.
There was no doubt about it.
I had found the truth.
So why did I feel so anxious?
I knew how Mom felt about the holidays.
But I also learned how Jehovah felt.
They displease him.
Some changes in my life were easy to make.
But I really needed Jehovah’s help
for what I had to do next.
I love my mom so much.
When I explained that I wouldn’t celebrate
the holidays anymore,
I could tell that she was hurt.
But I knew I was doing the right thing
and prayed that Jehovah
would help her understand.
It is going to be
a holiday season like no other
—like this 36 megapixel DSLR camera kit
for just $399.
Or would you believe this 65” 4K UHD
Smart TV is only $849?
Hurry in before it’s gone because these . . .
I admit I was surprised when she said
she wanted to learn more.
What a blessing!
Thanks to Jehovah, I had found the truth,
and now maybe my family would find it too.
I couldn’t sleep or eat.
I felt my hopes and dreams slipping away.
But even if no one else really understood me,
I knew Jehovah would.
I told him everything.
I knew that the “God of justice”
would set all matters right in his own time
and in his own way.
Jehovah answered my prayer
in such a wonderful way.
I never forgot
where this incredible blessing had come from.
“There is no rock like our God.”
I could tell from the doctor’s voice
that the news wasn’t good.
I just didn’t expect my health
to worsen so quickly.
I tried to act like everything was fine
—that I was fine,
but I wasn’t.
Praying to Jehovah,
just knowing he would listen and understand
—that’s what got me through.
No one really knew what I was going through,
not even my friends.
I felt like Hannah
—totally misunderstood.
But she had faith
that Jehovah would set matters straight.
And he did for Hannah and for me.
But more than that,
he reminded me that I wouldn’t have to deal
with this illness alone.
I remember the day the soldiers took me away.
I had never felt more alone.
My home, my friends,
everything I knew was gone.
But I still had Jehovah.
The master of the house was very sick.
He was in pain.
Elisha could help him.
I had heard about Elisha’s miracles.
He had even raised the dead.
I knew Elisha could cure him,
and Jehovah gave me the courage to speak up.
I was taken from my home,
my husband,
and my spiritual family.
I was imprisoned for my faith.
It was another world.
It wasn’t easy staying strong.
Every time I asked for a Bible,
the answer was no.
But God’s Word was already in my heart.
So I did what I love the most;
I talked about God’s Kingdom.
Many of those I preached to
seemed cold at first,
but genuine love and the warmth of God’s Word
just seemed to melt their hearts.
Sometimes speaking up
took more courage than I thought I had,
but not more courage
than Jehovah could give me.
It was hard to look
beyond the locks and uniforms.
But God’s will is that “all sorts of people”
learn about him.
So I spoke about my God, Jehovah.
I knew that even behind prison bars,
Jehovah would give me the strength
to help others.
I was engaged to marry Joseph.
I thought we would have
a simple and quiet life.
And then, suddenly, everything changed.
I know that God sometimes asks us
to do what is difficult.
But this seemed impossible,
beyond anything we could handle.
But I knew I was safe in Jehovah’s hands.
If we remained loyal to Him
and did our best
to care for his precious Son,
he would always be loyal to us
and give us what we needed.
When they first told me,
I thought it must have been a mistake.
I mean, me
—oversee a department
at an international convention?
I felt like it was just too much to handle,
but I remembered that I thought
the same thing years ago
when I was asked to serve
on a Disaster Relief Committee
and when I served
on the Hospital Liaison Committee.
Actually, I’ve always felt that way
when I’ve received
an assignment from Jehovah.
But what I’ve learned is
that he’s always ready to help.
So when Jehovah asks me
to do something that seems difficult,
I just remind myself
to pray,
stay loyal,
and have faith
that he’ll give me what I need.
No, I was not Jewish,
but I saw that this Jesus
was no ordinary man.
I had heard about his power to help others,
and my daughter was suffering.
I wouldn’t take no for an answer.
I couldn’t.
This man was from God.
There was nowhere else to turn.
I had faith in Jesus.
When he heard me, he said:
“Let it happen to you as you wish.”
And then it did!
My beautiful, precious daughter
was healthy and smiling again.
I never thought it would happen.
I finally found what I’d been searching for
—a good relationship with God.
Then one day,
a coworker texted an article
that claimed to expose Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I was tempted to read it,
and then I thought back
to when I first met Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I was so excited about what they taught me
from the Bible
—that God’s name is Jehovah,
the Kingdom is a real government,
and so much more.
Why would I want to learn
about Jehovah’s Witnesses from their enemies?
But my friends?
Not so much.
I saw people who really loved one another.
It’s a real brotherhood.
But it wasn’t just the people.
This was the truth!
I didn’t need to learn
about Jehovah’s Witnesses from their enemies.
I had seen for myself
that they worship the true God, Jehovah.
During those first few days,
everything was a blur.
My sister, Mary, and I
had never felt so empty and lost.
I knew that if our Lord had been here,
our brother would not have died.
But through the tears and the pain,
I had no doubt
that the resurrection was real,
that someday
—someday—
he would live again.
Who could have imagined
it could happen that very day
and right before our eyes?
We wept tears of joy
and thanked
our loving Father in heaven, Jehovah.
When I lost my son,
I lost part of myself.
I tried to stay busy,
but everything felt empty.
In my darkest times,
Jehovah’s words brought me comfort.
Not a day goes by
that I don’t think about Brandon
—not just memories of how it was
but even more how wonderful it’ll be
to see him soon
in God’s new world.
For nearly a year,
I had been held in solitary confinement
in a tiny, filthy, bug-infested prison cell.
Five and a half years after my arrest,
I was released.
If we truly rely on Jehovah,
really love him
and cry out in our heart for his help,
just as he did not forsake me,
he will not forsake his servants.
They arrested me
and took me in for questioning.
An interrogator invited me to sign a document
stating that I would discontinue preaching.
I said, “I would rather live in prison
“with my relationship with God intact
than be free and lose his approval.”
My determination
has been to heed the Bible’s admonition:
“Trust in Jehovah and do good.”
I have learned that doing this
leads to receiving
“the requests of your heart.”
As the world went from bad to worse,
I dug deeper into God’s Word.
I wanted to stay strong,
like so many
brothers and sisters in the past.
“Those who remained faithful
had no special abilities
“and were inconspicuous.
“Surely all of us
must always trust in Jehovah
with all our heart.”
I memorized scriptures.
I knew these words would build my faith
and give me the strength I needed
to face what was to come.
A new wave of arrests occurred this week
as local authorities enforce new restrictions
on Jehovah’s Witnesses.
This is coming just 14 days
after the Supreme Court’s ruling . . .
“Trust in Jehovah and do what is good;
“reside in the earth,
and act with faithfulness.
“Find exquisite delight in Jehovah,
and he will grant you
the desires of your heart.”
We had to be more discreet,
but we never stopped talking
about God’s Word.
We had to face many difficulties,
but with God’s Word embedded in our hearts,
we faithfully endured to the end.